Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ He wakes up in the morning
♪ Does his teeth. bite to eat
and he's rolling
♪ Never changes a thing
♪ The week ends
The week begins
♪ She thinks
we look at each other ♪
Hi!
Uh. you guys must be
new to town. right?
New to town.
but not new to the country.
We just moved from California.
We speak English.
Oh. that's wonderful!
So do we!
- Um... Um...
We're just curious.
Um... are you Chinese?
- Yes.
- Oh. great.
Uh. we just wondered
if you would mind
if your daughter played
with our daughter?
Why our daughter?
Oh! Oh. no. we just thought
Audrey might like to meet her.
Yeah.
- Audrey. say hi.
You wanna play slide?
Mmm-hmm.
Slide's off limits
to Ching-Chongs.
Fuck you.
You wanna be best friends?
My grandpa's name
is Joe. just like my dad's.
He loves model trains.
and he has a gout.
Why don't you look
like your family?
'Cause I'm adopted from China.
That's why I have a birth mom.
I'd be so mad
if my parents gave me up.
Did you do something?
Her mom didn't
want her. obviously.
Are you okay?
You know what?
Fuck everyone else.
You don't have to prove
anything to these losers.
♪ We can take turns
♪ Taking the reins
♪ Lean on each other
♪ When we need
some extra strength
♪ And we'll never cave
or we'll never waver
♪ We'll dance
like nobody's there
without any cares
♪ We'll talk 'bout problems
we share
♪ We'll talk 'bout things
that ain't fair
♪ We'll sing 'bout things
we don't know
♪ We'll sing to people
and show
♪ What it means to be young
and growing up ♪
Ten. four. let's go. boss.
You sure you're ready
for China?
I got this. Frank.
They do things
differently there.
I'll close the deal.
Don't worry about that.
- You worried about that?
Oh. fuck!
Ah! Fuck!
Oh. Jesus Christ! Cover that!
- Hey.
God. this game fuckin' sucks.
- Good game.
- Good game. boss.
- Thanks. Kevin.
Mike C. Mike D.
Mike J. Michael.
Josh. James. Dave. Other Dave.
Michael again. Good seein' ya.
Uh. eleven to four.
Kicked my ass again. Sullivan.
- That's pretty good for a...
- Woman.
- Asian.
No. I was gonna
say "associate."
Wait. can we say "Asian"
anymore or is that offensive?
We can't say anything anymore.
You're goddamn right. Kevin!
So shut the fuck up!
I'm an ally.
I shop at 99 Ranch Market.
Some of us are doin' the work.
Yes. I really appreciated
- that Mulan-themed
office birthday party.
- You're welcome.
So. uh. you excited
for Beijing?
I didn't know
you speak Chinese.
Well. I'm not fluent
but I have an excellent grasp
of conversational Mandarin.
Yeah? How do you say.
"I have an excellent grasp
of conversational Mandarin"
in Mandarin?
NYou close ChinaWave this week.
I'm puttin' you up for partner.
Took you long enough. ally.
Well. come on.
Ms. 3.000-Billable-Hours.
you knew this was coming.
You know. if this works out.
you're gonna have
to move out to L.A..
work out of headquarters.
That'd be amazing. actually.
You know. I've been thinking
it'd be nice to have a change.
- Oh. you're gonna love LA.
- Yeah.
I mean. there's a Chinatown.
a Thai Town. a Koreatown.
- I mean. it's basically Asia.
- Sure.
That's me off of the dick.
Your dick is dust.
you pussy motherfucker!
- Fuckin' dust!
- Anyway.
close ChinaWave. make partner.
- Don't worry. I will.
- You better.
It's a big account. Good thing
you're fluent in Chinese.
- Yep.
You know. and I actually have
a friend coming with me.
She offered to be
my translator in Beijing.
Oh. you have a friend who's
a professional translator?
Total professional.
Oh. what's up. landlord?
- Sorry for the mess.
- Who are you talking to?
I'm sending an Animoji
to Baron Davis
with this cute bear.
Look. Check it out.
Oh.
You have no idea
what I'm saying.
No. I have an idea.
Who is Baron Davis?
Basketball player.
Two-time NBA All-Star.
Anyway. he's playin'
in China now.
Since we're goin' to Beijing.
I slid in his DMs.
He's learning the language.
so I'm teaching him.
If you need help translating.
I talked to Kat.
and she lives there now.
- Ah. yes.
- So like if...
Katherine Huang.
Your famous college roommate.
- Yeah.
- Actress.
- Okay.
- Spokesmodel.
Lolo two-point-worse.
- Don't...
You do understand
it's really important
for me to be professional
- the entire time...
- Of course.
Audrey. I got you. Look at me.
- You're thinking about a dick.
- Damn it. You're right.
- But I'm a fellow profesh.
- Yeah. I know.
Trust me. Oh. let me show you
my latest work.
- Come on. It's at
the restaurant.
- Uh. it's... Okay.
Licky cat. Ooh.
See? It's like
a lucky cat except...
- Yeah. no. I get it.
- The tongue?
- I get it.
- Ready for this?
The Look-Closer Lotus.
- Look-Closer at wha... Oh. wow.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Vaginas.
- Mmm-hmm. Pussy petals.
- There's a lot of 'em.
- And this.
my piece de resistance...
"Adult Playground."
- Oh. Whoa!
- Mmm-hmm.
- Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
Is this the playground
we went to as kids?
Fuck yeah.
Look. titty sandbox.
This is chaotic.
That's what my art is
all about. Inspiring chaos.
Challenging fetishes that
Asian people have to deal with
around sexuality.
I mean. it's just a lot.
I hope someone likes it.
I could really use
a commission right now.
If you really need money.
you could pick up
some shifts here.
Your parents need the help.
I'm not tryin'
to be a sell-out.
- I'm a starving artist.
- Mmm.
I could bring one
of my pieces to Beijing.
Lolo. this is such
an important work...
- Work trip. Work trip.
- Right.
- Or... And just hear me out.
- No. No. No "or."
What if it's our first annual
best friends trip? You and me.
Romy and Michele.
Bert and Elmo.
- Ernie.
- Oh. my God.
I'm so embarrassed.
I love the idea
of an annual trip
but you're gonna have
to save some money.
- Yeah.
- You're saving money
by living with me.
And I'm so grateful.
And it's been really fun
but I don't know.
like. maybe I don't wanna live
in White Hills my whole life.
Why not? This is home.
Right. but...
Lolo... we told you to stop
bringing your art in here.
I ran out of space at Audrey's.
Put it away.
We have to go get ready.
- Okay. I'm coming.
- We're coming.
- Do you wanna just...
- Are we gonna leave it here?
Okay. I'm sorry.
I'm not a radiologist
like Arthur.
- Okay.
To Audrey!
- To Audrey. Yes.
- Thanks for coming over.
Oh. So proud of you.
Guys. you didn't have
to throw a whole party.
We're gonna be back in.
like. four days.
We wanted to give you a nice
send-off. It's a big deal.
Going to your birth country.
It's a business trip.
And it's so great
you're taking Lolo with you.
- Anyway. we brought
Hong Dou Bing.
- Oh. yes.
- These are red bean buns.
Ooh.
Red bean.
- Audrey first.
- Thank you so much.
They look so good.
Yes.
You got the blue one.
Those are special.
Will I like these?
No. no. Probably not.
to be honest.
- You're basically white.
- That's not true.
You have a throw pillow
that says. "Wine o'clock."
- Rose all day.
- You own a picnic basket.
They're very useful.
Name every character
on Succession.
Logan. Kendall. Shiv. Roman...
Oh. you got me.
So. I thought it would be fun
to look at some photos
of Audrey from the last time
she was in China.
Oh. my gosh. No. The Chens
don't wanna look at that.
- That's for us.
- Yes.
- No. I...
- Oh.
- Oh. honey. look.
this is the first time
- you held her.
Oh. God.
- Oh. my God. I'm gonna cry.
- So am I.
- No. I know. It's cute.
Who's this?
Look at that
head of hair.
Oh. Oh. that's my birth mom.
How have you never
shown me this?
I don't know.
It's not a big deal.
Who was that actor?
Yeah. she...
Your adoption agency's
on the back.
Yeah.
Should we call them
and maybe get
- information on your mom?
- No. I don't wanna do that.
I mean. we used to talk
about it all the time
when we were little. remember?
A grand adventure
to find your birth mom?
No. No. That was
because we were kids.
And we're adults now.
We've moved on.
At least I have. okay?
So let's not do that.
Anyway. why would
I need more parents
when I have the two best
parents in the world?
- Aw. honey.
- Oh. we love you. sweetie.
- You're the best.
Sandwich!
White people.
You know what?
Another toast.
To Audrey. To movin' on
and movin' up.
- Moving up.
- To the best daughter
and the best lawyer
you could ever have.
And Lolo's gonna probably
need a lawyer someday.
- Get the bail money ready.
Gonna need a lawyer.
Guess who's goin' back
to the motherland?
So. if you're in Beijing
and you have a juicy pene
or a vagine hit me up.
Audrey. say hi.
-  No. Lolo.
- Audrey. say hi.
Hey. so I kinda
can't stop thinking
about the picture
of your birth mom.
- Oh.
- You sure you don't wanna
look for her?
- Yep.
- It could be something fun
we do together.
Lolo. I just... I'm sorry.
but remember
this is a work trip.
- Work trip. Work trip.
- Thank you.
Deadeye's coming. by the way.
- What?
- Deadeye's coming.
- Deadeye. your cousin?
- She's visiting friends.
And her parents. you know.
just didn't want her to fly
alone. so I'm chaperoning.
A chaperone?
For a grown woman?
Before you say anything.
I know what you're thinking.
- Your hair grew back.
- Not really.
This is why
my part is this way.
Yeah. That was forever ago.
And she's different now.
I promise.
Deadeye has changed.
She's into music. K-pop.
You know BTS. She's full army.
She's super cool now.
The energy has totally shifted.
Okay.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Hey. Audrey.
- Whoa! Hi. Hey.
- Deadeye.
- Hi.
- So...
- Oh. good. Hi!
- Yeah.
Um. so you're...
you're flying with us?
- Just flying?
- Yeah. the pleasure's mine.
- Me. too.
-  Yeah. Um...
so. when we get to Beijing.
you're gonna meet up
- with your BTS friends. right?
- Yeah.
- Awesome.
- Yes.
@Jinderalla88. @JHopesGirl.
@SugaIsMyDaddy.
Oh. online people?
Yeah. they're my best friends.
I went to @Jinderalla88's
wedding on Zoom.
- Awesome.
- He married a pillow.
Okay.
Oh. oh. one second.
Those can't be real people.
She's just coming to hang out
with us. obviously.
- Trust me. Right when we land.
- Lolo...
Deadeye is gonna peace out
and it's gonna be you and me.
Do you think I can bring
these lighters onto the plane?
- I really think it's illegal.
- Okay. Yeah.
- Oh. no.
Oh. yeah.
- Not again.
- Okay. I was wrong.
- My hair. My hair.
Come on. it'll be fun.
- We should check the other two.
Friends trip!
I'm gonna take these.
We're gonna priority board
and we'll see you at...
- at the gate. okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
You're gonna Venmo me
for those or...
Lolo?
- I'll sneak you some snacks.
I don't think I've ever been
around only Asian people.
I mean. we look like
everyone else for once.
I think we blend right in.
Yeah. But people here
can tell Chinese-Chinese
from American-Chinese.
- What do you mean?
- See?
Hong Kong-Chinese.
Bluetooth.
- Shanghai-Chinese. Bougie.
- Ooh. Taiwanese.
- Weird. but cute.
Aw.
- What kinda Chinese are they?
What the fuck
is wrong with you?
Are you tryin' to get canceled?
Those are Koreans.
- Oh.
- That's Howdy Fun!
- It's a K-pop group!
- Yeah.
they all have the same face.
That's how you can tell.
Mmm.
I mean. why are they walking
right though security?
- Because it's Howdy Fun!
-  Okay.
So. where...
Where are we goin'?
Um. well.
we are going to visit
my friend. Kat.
on her set of
The Emperor's Daughter.
Oh. I love that show.
- Cool. Okay. let's go.
- Oh.
Hey.
I thought you said
it was just for the flight.
She's hanging out with us now?
I didn't even ask Kat
if she can come to set with us.
Is Kat gonna make
a big deal out of it?
- No. I mean. just no...
- Fuck her.
Why do you have such
a problem with her?
You know. you both actually
have a lot in common.
I mean. you're both
very sexually...
- Free?
- Yeah.
She blew Nick and Joe Jonas.
Not Kevin? Not impressed.
She has a tattoo
on her vagina.
What?
She has...
She has a pussy tat?
- I shouldn't have told you.
Um... You know what?
Forget I said anything.
Yeah.
Um. never. never gonna talk
about it ever again.
What's it of?
Like. is it in color?
Is it glow-in-the-dark?
Big? Small?
Like. are pussy tats
more common than I think?
Does she have one?
Do they?
Do you think she had. like.
ideas going in.
or just pointed to the artist
and said. "Dealer's choice"?
Horizontal. Vertical.
Optical illusion.
It looks like a vase
- but then an old lady.
- Stop talking about it.
I decided...
Stop!
- You know. I thought about it.
- Please.
I thought about it. I thought
about it really. really hard.
- Yes.
- And I decided I'm not gonna
- stop talking about it.
Let's go see this trash bag
kitty cat pussy tat bitch.
Cut. Cut. Cut.
Bravo! Encore!
-  Encore!
- Audrey?
- Oh. my God! That was so good!
You're such a big shot!
Oh. come on.
You are the big shot.
You big shot lawyer.
Best friends reunited.
Oh.
♪ Bom. bom. bom. bom
- ♪ Bom!
- ♪ Bom. bom. ah!
♪ Deep in the night how
I wonder
♪ Please make him real.
how I'll pray. whoo! ♪
- Whoo!
What? That was so lame.
What was that?
You know. Kat and I were
part of the same
college a cappella group...
- The Tootles!
- Tootles!
- Stop!
Right.
Oh. it's so nice to see you.
I hear that you're living
in Audrey's garage
and... And drawing
penises now.
Oh. no. I... Uh.
I told you.
Lolo's an amazing artist.
- I do body positive art.
- Interesting.
And remind me your name again.
My legal name is Vanessa.
Call me Deadeye.
Oh. where did that...
Come from?
You know. I think I get it.
- Come to my chair.
- Are you serious?
Come to my chair.
Wait. wait. Oh. my Gosh.
this is so cool!
- Okay.
So. when do we get
to meet your fiance?
Oh. You just saw him.
- He's the leading man.
- Uh...
- Wait. the human Mushu?
Oh. there he is.
♪ I'm a phreak
♪ I'm a trip
♪ It's the business
♪ That's what it is
♪ Has anybody ever told you
got fresh. boss?
♪ I have to ask you. boss
♪ Ask you that question. God
♪ It happens to me daily
I'm just so blessed because
♪ I'm the best there was
Better than sexy ♪
Mmm.
- Hey.
- Hi. honey.
Hey. I'm so sorry. I had to.
uh. get outta my costume.
It's just so itchy and tight.
Clarence.
Audrey is my best friend
from college.
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
- Oh.
Hi. We're best friends. actually.
Clarence and I met on the set
of the show.
He plays the military hero.
Oh. we just saw you.
It was
so good. You're really great.
And I play the good girl.
Played the good girl
in my last two dramas too.
It's...
I think it's kinda my brand.
She's
an absolute angel. isn't she?
Kat and I thank God every day
for bringing us together.
- Are you two Bible-thumpers?
- What?
Oh. I... I have always
been a woman of God.
I mean. remember that was one
of the first things I told you
when we met. right. Audrey?
That...
I am a good Christian girl
saving myself for marriage.
- Wait. what?
- Wait. wait. wait. You two...
have never had sex.
Our connection is
based on spiritual.
not physical intimacy.
Did you have
a spiritual connection
when the Jonas Brothers
were Eiffel towering you?
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. That's so funny.
I love Paris.
Right?
I gotta go. You good?
You need anything?
I'm good. my love. Thank you.
- Okay. come here.
-  Mmm.
- Aw!
Oh. Uh...
Mmm. mmm. mmm.
Mmm. mmm. oh. oh.
- Ooh. Uh...
- Leave some room for Jesus.
Yes!
Yeah.
- Nice to meet you all.
So good to meet...
Okay.
Go away!
So. has Clarence ever seen
your pussy tat?
I do confess that at one point
I did have a tiny sunflower
on my inner thigh.
"Edgy."
But it doesn't even matter
because. um. it's gone.
Lasers work miracles.
Okay?  Gone.
- Prove it.
Lolo.
Mmm.
YOLO. Lolo.
You know. I used to be
like you in college
but guess I just
grew out of it.
Really? Oh. 'cause
you seem kinda tense
from
all the no-boning.
You sure you're good? You sure
you don't miss it?
No tongue until the wedding
bell's rung. my friend.
Okay. Um. well. we should
get going now. right?
So. um. we have to go to
this place called Radiance.
It's crazy
that a business meeting
is happening at a club.
- But when in Rome.
do what the Romans do.
- Bathe together.
- Huh.
Well. lucky for you.
I wrapped early.
so I can come now.
I mean. you still need
a translator. right?
- Actually Lolo offered...
- Yeah.
What is that?
[IN ENGLISH] Okay.
-  I like her.
- No. you don't.
Okay.
we gotta find the CEO.
Just remember.
it's really important for me
to get him to sign tonight.
- Oh. shit.
Hi!
Hi. Mr. Lin. It's so nice
to meet you.
I'm so excited to talk
about the deal.
Oh.  Oh.
Yeah. Uh-huh.
Guys. what's he saying?
- Uh. Chunhwa?
- Chunhwa. Yes.
Choo-choo!
- Oh.
Yes!
♪ Whoa. I'm a big bag hunter
with the bow
♪ She got a big bad dumper
Drop it low
Honestly.
Chao's way younger
than I thought
he was gonna be.
- Right?
- And hot.
I'd smash.
Okay.
please don't hit on him.
- Are you good?
- Mmm.
You don't normally eat
real Chinese food.
Yeah. and you don't have
to drink everything either.
I heard that if you keep up
with Chinese businessmen
they respect you more.
- What are these?
Shit.
Thousand-year-old egg shots.
So fucking good.
I don't know if you can
handle it. though.
They're so black and gooey.
I love goo.
♪ Yeah. feel so hot like
I'm chillin' on the beach
♪ Yeah. baby in the sun
like the Teletubbies ♪
Audrey. you okay?
- Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm. mmm.
Swallow it.
Oh.
Let's play!
Oh. is this a drinking game?
What are...
What are the rules?
Oh.
Ah!
- Oh!
Okay.
You ready to lose
to a celebrity?
Oh. I can't wait to slap
the shit outta you.
Mmm.
Oh! Ah!
Oh. okay. Mmm.
- Mmm.
Oh.
Oh!
Audrey...
You and me?
- Yeah. Uh...
- Yeah. Let's fucking go!
Yeah. you're evens. okay?
Uh. you got this.
Close this fucking deal.
- That's my bitch!
I won? I won! I won. right?
I won!
I won! I won!
Audrey!
Oh. shit.
Audrey! Audrey! Yes!
You just nailed him
like Mike fuckin' Tyson!
I'm so sorry.
Oh. no. you're good.
Did I hit him?
- Yeah. yeah. he's fine.
- Yeah! Yeah!
I'm just gonna... Yeah!
I'm so. so fucked.
No. no. you're good.
Oh. thank God for Kat.
Look at her.
Chunhwa just schmoozing
with those businessmen.
salvaging our night.
God. I love her.
- God. I'm gonna be sick again.
- I'll get you a ginger ale.
Get me a new face or stomach.
or something.
Are you feeling better?
- I'm so sorry.
I... I usually don't. um.
have eggs like that and...
Wait. Uh.
Do you speak English?
Many Chinese people
speak English.
But most Americans
do not speak Chinese.
It's always fun to pretend.
By the way. I appreciate that
you would want to smash this.
Oh.  Well. I would.
I'd smash it really...
I can see it's your first time
in China.
Yeah. You know what? I'm...
I'm usually not like this.
I'm... I'm so sorry. I got sick.
But I'm... I'm very ready
to go over the terms
of our business proposal.
You know.
there's a saying in Chinese.
It means.
you can tell a lot
about a person
by their family.
Do you have any relatives
in China?
Oh. uh. yeah. well. probably.
Uh. sure. yes.
Definitely. probably.
Um. I... I was adopted. so...
Oh. well. if you do not know
where you come from.
how do you know who you are?
Oh. God.  No. no.
I know where I'm from.
Actually. you know. I was
born here. but I am American.
So. you have no contact
with your Chinese family.
That's a shame.
Uh...
What? What'd he say?
Well. she's actually really
close with her birth mother.
- Yeah. Like that.
Oh.
-  Really?
- Yeah. yeah.
We're actually meeting up
with her this week.
My mother is celebrating
her 70th birthday this Friday.
- Oh. wow.
- It's gonna be a big event.
Her favorite performer's
gonna be there. DJ Tiesto.
We're gonna have gift bags.
oranges. Teslas.
Bitcoin. that kinda thing.
I would love for you to come.
Bring your mother.
My mother? Um. no... Oh...
Oh. you know what.
uh. we couldn't impose.
- No. no. I insist.
- You insist. He insists.
- Oh. yeah. This one.
- How are we supposed
to do business together
if we do not know
each other's families?
We can't do business
if we don't...
Come to the event.
and we'll close the deal there.
- Oh. yeah.
Oh. Finally.
We'll be there.
It's... It's a mom party.
So. it's settled then.
I... Just give me a minute.
Hell yeah.
I'm not okay.
I can't feel my face.
Oh. fuck.
Fuck. That went
so fucking terribly.
Not to me. Uh. I feel closer
to you than ever.
- Oh. my God.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Uh. no. no. no. I'm good.
I'm good. Deadeye. I'm so...
I'm so sorry again that
I threw up on you. We got...
We better clean you up.
Okay. I... I'll find something.
See. I knew
this was gonna happen
if I brought you on
this business trip. Lolo.
You're always doing
shit like this.
What about a "thank you?"
I mean. you were
sinking in there.
and I saved your ass.
Well. whatever you were doing.
you failed.
This is my job.
Why would you lie and tell
Chao that I knew my birth mom?
- That's insane.
- That is insane.
Are you her echo? Who the fuck
asked for your opinion?
Well. what do you expect
her to do now?
She could go find
her birth mom.
Just like we always said
we would.
That was hypothetical.
We don't even know
where she is.
What. you want me to search
all of China?
Give it to me!
- Great.
- So. the other day.
I may have called
the adoption agency
and pretended to be you.
- What are you talking about?
Wow!
Apparently.
at the time of adoption
she agreed to be contacted.
She's open to meeting you.
Her address is on there.
She lives in Haiching.
which is super close
to Nai Nai's.
And we'll just stay with them.
Oh. no. no. no.
She can't handle it!
Wait. no. Why not?
I can handle it.
Nai Nai's like.
Chinese-Chinese.
Like. "super long hair
coming out of a mole
"and refuses to pluck it
'cause it's bad luck" Chinese.
"Forces you to overeat.
"and then comments
on your weight later" Chinese.
Like. literally.
"take her bra off.
wipe her under-boob sweat
"in the middle of
a Buddhist temple
"and make you sniff it" Chinese.
"Has a plastic bag full of
other plastic bags" Chinese.
Don't act like
you know my family.
You don't know
what we've been through.
Look at Deadeye!
Look at me! Look at me!
It'll be fine.
We'll take the train and...
And go straight to Haiching
and we'll be there
tomorrow afternoon.
And I'm gonna close this deal.
And it'd be really nice
to meet your birth mother.
Okay.
Okay. will you guys
come with me?
Fuck yes. bitch.
- I'm here for you. Audrey.
- Oh. my God. thank you.
Really?
- I love a grand adventure.
- Thank you. Thank you. Okay.
Okay. so were gonna go
to Haiching.
Okay. all right. Yeah.
we're doin' it. We're doin' it.
- Haiching. baby!
- Yes!
Guys. guys. I'm a boy.
Just so you guys know.
I have extra cash
in my money belt.
And also. our passports
are in there too.
- Why are you being paranoid?
Don't worry.
I've got locks on my bag.
Just put it in here.
- Really?
- Of course.
Okay. Make sure your
bags are zipped at all times.
See? Zip it. Zip it. Zip it.
We're in China.
It's the safest place
in the world.
I heard that if you're short.
you'll get kidnapped to go
live on a gymnastics farm.
That's not a thing.
All I'm saying is
that as foreigners.
we need to be extra vigilant. okay?
Just keep our heads on
a swivel. And watch what
- we eat and what we drink.
- Ooh. good call.
- Let's get some snacks.
- Nom. nom. nom.
- Squid on a stick.
- Okay.
Just come back here. okay?
- We have eight minutes.
Okay. guess what?
Remember when I told you
I auditioned for that movie?
Sweet Home Orange County?
- Well. I got the part.
- You what?
I'm gonna be in LA next summer.
Oh. congratulations.
Isn't there a chance
you're gonna be in LA too?
Yeah.
- Hotties in La La Land!
- See.
this is why I have to close
this deal and make partner.
It's gonna be so amazing
to have a friend there.
I mean. you really...
You really know me.
- Yeah. I know.
- You've seen a lot.
I've seen a little too much.
Do you think it's okay that
I haven't told Clarence
everything about
my past and...
Yeah. no. it's totally okay.
I mean. hey. can you...
- Okay.
- ...not mention LA to Lolo?
I haven't really told her
about it yet.
Is there an issue there?
Yeah. no. I mean.
I'll tell her eventually.
But. uh. you know. she doesn't
have as much going on as I do.
And I.
I just think it might be
great to have some space.
I get it.
It's between you and me.
- Thank you. Zip.
- Zip.
Where do we sit?
Find any car
with open seats.
Those guys look shady.
Oh. there's room here.
- I'm not really...
We'd have to squeeze.
I hate the smell of oranges.
Oh. hi. um. is anyone else
sitting here with you?
No. Sorry. No.
They're not sitting here.
Oh. amazing. Hey. guys!
Guys. guys. come on.
I found one.
It's so nice
to see an American.
Where are you visiting from?
Oh. um.
I actually live in Beijing.
No way. She lives here.
Yeah.
I moved here. like.
I wanna say. five years ago.
I love it.
Also. looking like me here
- I get so much attention.
- Totally.
Asian people with me.
it's just... They've...
I... I'm Gisele.
Yeah.
So. you like living here?
I love it.
The people are great.
the food's incredible.
And it's safe.
Is it safe?
Because. I... I mean.
I just. I hear there's a lot
of pickpockets here. right?
And Chinese youths
are getting really into drugs.
Fuck yeah. they are.
Chinese kids
are cool as fuck.
They fucking party.
You can get anything
you want here.
I... It's...
It's so unbelievable.
I mean. anything you want.
China White. benzos.
bush. kush.
Uh. just curious.
what do you do for work?
- Hmm?
- Mmm?
Oh. I do import. I do import
- and then I... I also do export.
- That's so cool.
So like. like furniture?
Sure.
I have my period.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Oh. shit.
I'm bleeding.
Fuck.
- Oh. my God. She's so sweet!
- Are you serious?
- That bitch is so suspicious.
- What are you talking about?
- She's super nice.
- Okay. I know you chose her
because she's American
varsity blue corn-fed bitch.
but. like. no!
No. she's totally sus!
There's something
- wrong with her.
- Yeah. you're not my favorite.
- but I do agree.
Shit! Fuck!
- Hey. are you...
- Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Are you okay?
Pox is gonna kill me.
- I know it's hot in here.
Fuck!
- You can't open that window.
- What are you looking at?
There's nothing
to fucking see here.
Don't look at me like that.
- What is that?
It's the cops.
They're doing a bag check.
Um. yeah. there's a drug
dealer on the train.
- Oh. fuck!
- Who do we think it is?
The family with the oranges?
Audrey. get a fucking grip!
It's this bitch.
Oh. my God!
You're a drug dealer?
Of course. I am. I was trying
to sell you drugs.
Okay. you need
to get rid of that now.
Get rid of it.
We need to get rid of that.
'Cause if I'm going down.
you little dipshits
are going down with me.
We're American. They're gonna
come after all of us.
If the cops ask. we'll just
say we have nothing to do
- with her.
You're drug dealers now.
bitches!
What the fuck?
Okay. that is good shit.
by the way.
Yeah. I only sell the best.
Oh. fuck. Fuck.
No. no. no.
- Oh. shit.
We can't get caught
with drugs in China.
We'll get deported.
Or jail. probably for life.
Oh. my God. is this what
happened in Brokedown Palace?
That was Thailand!
Oh. my God.
I'm gonna get disbarred.
I am too famous for jail.
You guys need to
calm the fuck down
and you need to fuckin'
listen to me. okay?
Since that window's
not working.
we have two options.
We hide the drugs in our body.
or we do them. okay?
I need your help.
You look like you've done
a lot of drugs.
- That's correct.
- You look like you've
had a lot of things
in your asshole.
Uh. not a lot of things.
Just one thing.
But maybe different varieties
of that one thing.
um. which is dick. I mean.
no. no!
You don't understand.
Cocaine makes me really horny.
- It could get really weird.
- I know you two aren't
drug people and I know
you're super scared right now
but you're gonna
need to decide.
Are you gonna step up
for your fellow countrywoman?
You gonna plug
or you gonna play?
No. Neither.
- Is that a condom?
I'm not ready to have sex!
- Fuck! Group project!
Deadeye. get in there.
You know what.
I'll handle this. okay?
I got it. I got it. guys.
I got it. got it.
Attention. Chinese policemen.
Oh. shit.
You're about to get lawyered.
Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi.
I know that you think
that we have drugs.
and we do not have drugs.
In fact. I'm a lawyer.
I'm a lawyer. I'm in fact.
a very good lawyer.
And so I just
want you to know that
we are citizens of Amer... America.
And that is why
I rest my case.
- Bonk! Bonk!
- Mmm.
- Mmm-mmm.
-  Okay?
And she took my suitcase.
She took my suitcase.
Hey! This is mine!
Are you kidding? This is mine.
I've never done
drugs in my life.
Okay. okay. We're good.
we're good. we're good.
we're good. Okay.
Every... Everybody. calm down.
Calm down. Calm down.
Oh. my God! What the fuck?
That American girl stole
Kat's suitcase.
Our passports are in there.
Well. the bright side is.
we just got
kicked off the train.
We're not hanging by our
nipples in a meat freezer.
No. no. no. no. If we do not
have our passports.
then we can't go home.
And if we can't go home.
then we can't go to our jobs.
And if we don't have jobs.
we can't get more money
to get more coke.
I want more coke. Oh. my God.
Is anyone else itchy?
I'm sorry. I'm just.
I'm fucking itchy.
Fuck. Fuck.
Kat. honey. you good?
- Are they coming out?
- Yeah. but only seven.
- And I think I put in eight.
- If you get a clean one
could you just. um.
keep me posted?
I hate you so much right now!
Just push. Pull.
I mean. twist it.
It's not a Bop It.
it's my asshole!
Okay. just stick
your hand up there
like a claw machine tryin'
to get the stuffed bear.
- Okay.
- Deeper!
Okay.
- Higher!
- Okay!
- Get that bear!
I'm getting the bear!
- How are you so normal?
You did. like. twice as much
stuff as the rest of us.
I think all the coke and molly
just balanced out my system.
I just feel good.
Like. "just watched a child
"fall through
a manhole cover" good.
You deserve it.
little shit.
You're a beautiful
silk kimono.
Is this a hot dog on a stick?
You know what?
Maybe I just miscounted.
It's probably seven.
Deadeye! If you find coke.
come back!
Guys. how have
we walked for hours
and haven't seen one car?
It's all good.
I DM'd Baron Davis.
Fuck. The next town
is 27 kilometers away.
My basketball boo
is on his way. okay?
Oh. Although. at this point.
I don't even wanna be
rescued. okay?
I cannot be seen in public
- looking like this.
Yeah. you look like
Hello Kitty
just got skull-fucked
by Grobie.
Oh. my God.
you're so funny!
- Fuck you!
This is all your fault.
How is it my fault?
I'm not the one who
chose the train cabin
with the one
obvious drug dealer
just 'cause I'm a wee bit
racist against my own people.
- I'm not racist.
- Hey. "not racist."
But you don't like boba
and you've never fucked
an Asian guy. so...
- Damn. Still?
- No. no. Remember that
foreign exchange student
from Kazakhstan?
B... Bizi... Bizip? Uh. Bazid?
- David?
- David. David.
Is Kazakhstan even in Asia?
They look kind of
Asian sometimes.
Oh. my God!
- Okay. Racist.
When I masturbate. I sometimes
fantasize about Splinter.
- He's Asian.
- He's a rat.
He's a good father.
Fine. Fine. I'm sorry. okay?
It's my fault.
Oh. my God.
We're in the middle
of nowhere.
My phone is dead.
We don't have
any food or water.
God. I should have
never come to China.
Wait. there's someone
on the road.
No. there isn't.
You're probably hallucinating.
Okay. maybe because
I also see a giraffe
peeling off his spots
and throwing them
like a frisbee.
Oh. shit!
Jeez.
Okay. but that's a bus. right?
Baron.
I knew you would come for me.
Ni hao. Lolo.
I heard y'all needed a ride.
Okay. so the team is going
to give us a ride to Haiching
first thing in the morning.
- And then we can...
Ooh. ooh.
Oh.
Audrey. are you eye-fucking
an Asian guy?
No. No. no. Don't. No. Lolo.
don't get us in trouble.
We're just. you know. just.
they're our ride.
so let's just be cool.
- Let's be cool.
- I'm cool. I'm very cool.
I'm gonna Jaws the fuck
outta Baron Davis tonight.
Aah. Aah.
- Your mouth is so big.
- Oh. my God.
I know.  But. look.
without teeth. not as big.
- Why is mine so tiny?
- I'm all underbite.
Okay. Can everyone
just close our mouths?
Let's just be adults. right?
Okay. they're just
some normal. attractive men.
It's nothing to lose your
minds over. It's...
- You okay?
- Oh. my God.
It was eight coke bags.
It was eight. I just
felt it burst.
Your mouth is
pretty fuckin' big too.
Are you horny? Finger me twice
if you're horny.
Kat?
Oh. shit.
What's up. chica?
- Fancy seeing you here.
- I have no idea who you are.
- Wait. Todd?
- What are you doing in China?
- Hey. China!
- Oh. man. you know...
I'm just out here
hoopin' professionally.
Why is Kat pretending
like she doesn't know me?
Uh. my name's not Kat.
Yeah. no. that's not Kat.
That's... Hermione.
I'm Ron. This is Harry.
- Hagrid.
- This...
Okay.
Just one sec.
Okay. Yeah.
Hey. not Kat. Um. mmm.
You know. sometimes I just
find myself
thinkin' back to this time
when me and someone who looks
so much like you rode out
to the Grand Canyon
in my Ford F-150
pick-up truck. And then...
You used to bang this dude?
Yeah.
- No. I'm actually engaged now.
- Whoa. Okay.
- So I have a...
- Okay. Yeah. No. that's cool.
- I see that.
-  ...fiance.
Yep. That's okay.
Great. Thank you. Wow.
I'm happy for you. Huang.
That's awesome.
- Oh. man. Hey.
- I'm happy you're puttin' that
big ol' mouth of yours to
good use. huh?
- Good seeing you.
-  Oh. my God.
- You all have a good night.
- Good seeing ya.
- Yeah. you too.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Hoo-hoo-hoo.
So we know what's
happening tonight.
No. no. I'm not hooking up
with Todd. okay? Okay?
I am not horny at all.
The coke that literally just
exploded inside my butthole
has no effect
on me whatsoever.
Um. I am gonna go now.
Have fun DJing
in between your legs tonight.
Oh. shit.
Baron just texted me.
Okay. Promise me
- you'll have some fun tonight.
- Okay.
All right. hit the bar.
Let loose. okay?
Okay. Great.
- Linsanity!
Lin... Oh. Lin-Manuel Miranda?
So much to learn.
Finally. those two
fuckin' losers are gone.
Now it's just two cool cats.
Dynamic duo.
Thelma and Louise.
- We hangin' or what?
- I actually have a lot of...
I gotta do some work.
Yeah. Study buddies.
MVP of group projects.
I actually really need
some alone time.
Yeah. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Um...
No. but you should...
You should have some fun.
- Yeah.
- They seem really nice.
You should go...
Oh. my God. Wait. look.
He has a BTS shirt on.
You should go talk to him.
- Really?
- Yeah.
No.
I... Okay.
Okay. I'll see you tomorrow.
okay? Get some sleep.
Okay. See you.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I don't speak Chinese.
- Hi.
I'm Kenny. Uh. this is Arvind.
I think he wanted
to buy you a drink.
- But he only speaks Chinese.
- Oh.
And Hindi. which I'm assuming
you don't speak.
Oh. no.
I don't. Sorry. I'm...
I'm just a garbage American
who only speaks English.
And a little Gollum.
"My precious!"
"They are filthy Hobbitses!"
- Do you guys have that here?
- Uh. yeah. we have.
It's all over the world.
- Right.
- Yeah. Um...
- Shit.
Hey.
Hello.
It's hot in here. huh?
The AC broken or somethin'?
Oh. my God.
Whoa.
Lolo.
- Baron.
- What's up?
One more round of Yobo. please.
And I know China is supposed
to be my homeland but...
I don't know.
Ever since I got here.
I just. I feel like I'm doing
everything wrong.
Firstly. there is no way
to do Chinese wrong.
- Right.
- But secondly.
what's the one thing
you've been saying the most?
- I don't know.
-"I."
You've been saying.
"I can't eat the food."
"I am doing everything wrong."
It's not about that.
The thing is. in China.
the collective is much bigger
than the individual.
all right?
It's like me and Arvind.
We're not from here.
But now we call this
our home. Right?
See? He teaches me some Hindi.
I taught him
how to fuck spiders.
What?
- It's an Australian thing.
- Huh?
But you just gotta
give it some time
and find your people.
That was really insightful.
Wait.
You and this Clarence dude
have been dating
for over three years
- and never had sex?
Kat Huang I knew in college
couldn't last three days.
That is all in the past.
I am different now.
Katherine Huang has got
her shit together.
I get it.
I was bangin' so many random
girls after every game.
- So many.
And I just thought to myself.
"Man. you gotta cut
this shit out."
- Like...
...I gotta get serious
if I'm ever gonna find
a real one. you know?
Kinda like what you
and Clarice have.
His name is actually.
uh. Clarence but...
-  Oh! Ow!
- Fuck!
- Are you okay?
Uh. no. no. no. no. I'm fine.
I probably just. uh...
Uh. just pulled something.
Let's get you off. Come on.
Hop up. Hop up.
Breathe. Breathe.
Come on. Up. up.
Yeah. Okay.
You're doin' great.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. Okay.
- Okay.
I actually have something
that might help.
Okay.
May I?
Uh...
Yeah.
This is what
I've been working on.
You're such a great artist.
How do you come up
with this stuff?
I just want people
to be more body positive.
You know. sex isn't shameful.
It's beautiful.
Like. the noises?
- Yeah.
- Come on.
- I'm into that shit too.
- Look. at first.
I know my art seems like
it's for shock value.
- But...
- Mmm-hmm.
...I'm just tryin' to get
the conversation going.
He says he really likes you.
Well. I like him too.
I like both of you.
God. I wish there were
more of you guys
when I was growing up.
Maybe I would've had
an Asian boyfriend by now.
Or two.
God. that's so hot.
He said he wants to
make you scream.
Will you tell him I love that
but maybe it'd be better
if his friend joined in.
- Tongue. Lips.
- Tongue. Faster.
Breathe with me.
You feelin' that?
Ah!
Let it in.
Do you like hair pulling?
I love it.
- Yeah. you like that?
- No!
- Now give me the basketball.
- What?
Just give it to me!
Audrey.
I just heard you haven't
closed the ChinaWave deal.
Shit. Shit. shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit.
- Hi. Frank.
- Who the fuck is Frank?
Yeah. no.
it's as good as done.
Um. I just need until Friday
to make it official.
Okay. we're not payin' you
to be on vacation out there.
Don't worry. I'm very...
Very close.
Hell yeah. you are.
You're about to finish.
so just keep grinding.
Bend over backwards
- if you have to.
- Yeah. okay. Okay.
- Whoa.
- I want you to feel this too.
Ah!
Sugar. anyone?
- I'll have some.
One lump or two lumps?
- Two.
- Oop.
So. how was everyone's night?
- Restful. I feel rested.
- Mmm-hmm.
The beds are comfortable here.
Lolo!
What the fuck happened?
Jiaying. torn hamstring.
Arvind. Ken. concussions.
Todd. shattered
fucking pelvis!
Hello. kitty Kat.
You and your girls
destroyed our team.
Now I have to go
play the game by myself.
Get y'all ass on the bus.
Sorry.
Wait. you were supposed to be
our ride. remember?
- Oh. shit.
- What are we gonna do?
You know what?
We've gotten this far.
We'll figure it out.
♪ How long can I leave
♪ The lights
in the ceiling on?
♪ And the static from the TV
♪ Keeps me company
'til I'm gone
You think
she's gonna fuck him too?
- Oh. yeah.
♪ 'Cause I rock
back and forth
♪ Reciting words
that I've said wrong
It is
so beautiful here.
I love China.
Do you hear me?
Wo ai China.
Should we tell her that
there's a bug on her jacket?
Mmm-mmm.
♪ What are you running from?
♪ Oh. maybe there's something
in the midnight hours
♪ The midnight hours.
you know?
♪ Or maybe there's something
in the dead of night
How old is our driver?
Twelve. counting
the Chinese way. So 11.
I don't understand.
but I love it!
♪ One night. one night
♪ Where it's just me alone ♪
So you're sure
it's okay for us
to stay at your
grandma's house?
Of course. But just know
that they're a lot.
Very good.
Okay. Wait.
- What. what's he saying?
- They think
you're very beautiful.
And any mother. uh.
would be lucky
to have you as a daughter.
Thank... Thank you.
Uh. Xie... Xiexie.
Oh. have some
chocolate. This a favorite.
This is the chocolate of
"Chinese" Chinese people.
Shit. This means
she likes you.
If you see Russell Stover.
you're fucked.
[IN ENGLISH] Okay.
In this house. you are family.
Ganbei!
Whoa. Okay.
So. is this a Chinese card game?
No. I just made it up
to win their money.
I tell them
it's an American game.
Ah?
Hey. Deadeye.
Why you so grumpy?
You should smile more.
- Like Audrey.
- Oh.
It's nice that you have
such a big family.
I'm not really like my family.
Well. you and me. both.
Really?
I feel like you and your
parents are kinda the same.
I mean. you're basically white.
No offense.
I'm Chinese. I'm not white.
I'm sorry.
I say so many stupid things.
That's why my family thinks
I'm socially awkward
and too weird.
You think I am too.
- No. I don't.
- I heard you in the airport.
No. I. I didn't mean that. It...
It... It's okay.
I'm used to it.
You know why I like K-pop?
No. Why?
Because it likes me back.
Yeah. it's not
just awesome songs.
it's about what we created
because we love the music.
It's about us.
I've never thought
about it that way.
- The... The community.
- But it's not real.
I haven't met any of them.
I just talk to them online.
I don't have any real friends.
- Well. we're friends.
- Really?
'Cause we're gonna be home
in a couple of days.
Do you actually think
we're gonna hang out?
- Yeah. we could. Of course.
- I don't know.
Everyone likes you. You're cool.
Your hair smells
like a cookie.
- Your life is perfect.
Well. it's not.
But sometimes
even I feel like...
You... You know.
I don't really belong either.
You know?
So. so what kind of music
do you like to listen to?
I mean. I love Mumford Sons.
Uh. The National.
- Maroon Five. The best.
- Yes.
- T Swift is my...
- Uh-huh.
I've really been
liking Cardi B.
- I love Cardi B.
- Oh. cool.
Yeah. You know. K-pop owes
so much to hip-hop.
Suck it. Bao Bao!
Bao Bao!
- You in that thing yet?
- Almost.
It's nice of Nai Nai
to let me borrow this.
Yeah. You're lucky
she likes you.
- She doesn't like anyone.
- Well. I like her. too.
I like your whole family. Lo.
It's funny. all night
I kept thinking about
what it'd be like
if I'd grown up here.
- Mmm.
- I'd be like everyone else.
you know?
People wouldn't stare at me
at the grocery store.
Or ask my parents
where they got me from.
I wouldn't always
just be the Asian girl.
You know. I could.
I could be the smart girl.
Or... or the nice. funny girl.
I wonder if I'd still feel
like I had to be perfect
all the time just to belong.
I don't know. Maybe my whole
life would be different.
I don't think it'd be
that much different.
Wow. bitch.
It's nice. right?
China looks good on you.
I kind of love it.
- Hey. thanks.
- For what?
I'm so grateful that
you pushed me to do this.
I don't think I could have
done it without you.
- I got you.
Ooh. Wow!
You look gorgeous.
You know.
I wore that dress the night
I was deflowered
by the love of my life.
- Aw. Grandpa?
- No.
Oh.
That's it.
You ready?
Okay.
Hey!
Oh. Hi. My. my name is Audrey.
I'm... I'm looking
for my mother.
You brought the picture?
Yeah. I just...
thought it would be nice
to have in China.
She knew you.
Does she know my mother?
What is she saying?
Okay. what's. what's going on?
Does she know where my mom is?
You. Korea girl.
Uh...
Your mom's name is Min Park.
That... That's a mistake.
I'm... I'm Chinese.
I... I went to Chinese school
for a year.
I... I... We... We celebrated
Chinese New Year's. I...
But Korea's great. I mean.
there's... There's mukbang.
soju. Hyundai. Gangnam Style.
half of Hines Ward.
half of Charles Melton.
all of Randall Park.
I want my dress back.
Stop being so racist!
My whole life has been wrong.
It hasn't.
We're only friends because
my parents were. like.
"Ooh. another little
Chinese girl."
In everyone's defense.
we were the only
Asian people in town.
So we still
would've been friends.
White people
don't know the difference.
- My parents are white.
So what
if you're Korean?
We all end up in the same place.
Walking around town
with our hands
behind our back. like this.
That's enough.
Fuck this.
I mean...
This whole birth mom
journey is bullshit.
You know what?
I only wanted to find her
to close this
fucking business deal.
I don't actually give a shit
if I'm a Korean lawyer
or a Chinese lawyer
or a fucking German lawyer.
because I'm a lawyer.
And I'm goin' to
finish this job.
This is all a lot. you know?
You don't have to
think about work right now.
This says
she's in Seoul. right?
- That's what you said earlier?
Uh. yeah.
Okay. So. if we go to
Seoul right now.
I could still find her
and bring her back in time
- to go to Chao's dinner.
- But there are probably. like.
ten thousand Min Parks
in Korea.
Yes. but we have
all of her info right here.
We can hire
a private investigator
- to track her down.
- I'm so in.
Thank you. Thank you. Deadeye.
You're an amazing friend.
Lolo. are you in?
I mean. this is what
you wanted. right?
- I'm in. I'm in. yeah.
- Yes. Thank you.
Thank you. Let's go.
Passports. Passports.
Where are our passports?
Oh. they are in my suitcase
that got stolen.
We don't need fuckin' passports.
Let's go.
Let's think.
No bad ideas. Let's go.
We could flash
our titties and just
- hitchhike the whole way.
- That's a bad idea.
We could take
a rocket to space
and then try to land in Korea.
No customs in the atmosphere.
I feel like that's worse.
Okay. uh. we become
mail-order brides.
uh. and then we...
We find a really big envelope
and then we could just...
I fuckin' love that spirit. Deadeye.
- Just keep thinking.
- We take coke again
- and we just sprint.
-  No more coke!
Let's go. Let's go. Come on.
Come on. guys.
- We could swim there.
- Okay.
Yeah. How. how long can you
hold your breath?
That's it! That's it!
I can't do it anymore!
Not long enough. Okay. look.
Ready? Ready? Ready?
You know who can
bypass airport security?
- The Obamas.
- Yes. And K-pop stars.
We are not K-pop stars.
Not yet. we aren't.
So. are we sure
this is gonna work?
BTS Army always comes through.
@Jinderalla88 said
we should be good to go.
Just act confident.
We're Brownie Tuesday.
We're a brand-new group.
We just did our debut
in Shanghai.
Our first single has
nine million downloads.
Everyone remember their names?
- Sassy.
- Cutie.
- Lisa.
- Lisa "two".
- We got this.
Where are your passports?
- We're Brownie Tuesday.
- Yeah. We signed with
Hit Bang Entertainment
last week. That's our jet.
Where are your
travel documents?
Do you even know
the name of your booking?
Yeah. Uh. @Jinderalla88.
Please leave.
I thought you said
your friend set this up.
I knew it.
They're just online friends.
They're not real friends.
No. no. It's okay.
We'll figure
something else out.
No. no.
This always happens to me.
I make friends.
but they never come through.
No one wants to be my friend.
This is all so
- fucking stupid.
Deadeye. look.
Deadeye?
@Jinderalla88?
Yes. honey. The one and only.
Okay. slay.
You'd make V very proud.
I'm pretending
to be your manager.
We even brought you fans!
Give it up for
Brownie Tuesday!
Hi.
Can they get on their jet now?
I don't believe
these girls are singers.
I can
assure you that these are
professional idols.
And they've been training
since they were
14 and 15 years old.
Girls. show them.
Um. what. what?
- Show them what?
Uh. just show 'em.
Well. just show them.
Hello? What are supposed
to show?
You're a fan of Cardi B. right?
Yeah. but is she here?
Just pretend that you're back
in the Tootles.
Trust me.
This is gonna be hot.
Livestream this.
♪ There's some whores
in this house
♪ You'll go whore
Cha. cha. cha
♪ There's some whores
in this cha
♪ I'm a certified freak
♪ Seven days a week
♪ Wet ass pussy
Hear this AZN speak
♪ Yeah. you fuckin'
with some
- ♪ Wet ass pussy
♪ Gimme everything you got
for this wet ass pussy
♪ Wet ass pussy
♪ Beat it up. Lolo.
catch a charge
♪ Kumon smart and Kumon hard
♪ Put this pussy
on a girl named Grace
♪ Who got them A's
on a report card
♪ Hop on top. I wanna ride
♪ In a rice rocket
that's a Hyundai
♪ Cut up that duck.
don't cut up the eyes
♪ This pussy is wet.
we know how to dive
- ♪ Olympics
- ♪ Thai me up
- ♪ Like I'm tea iced
- ♪ Let's go play
♪ Just not on the slide
♪ I want you to park
that plastic couch
♪ Right in this dusty garage
- ♪ Out in public
- ♪ Don't make a scene
♪ I don't cook
I don't clean
♪ I will fuck you up
if you call me Ching
♪ There's
some whores in this house
♪ House. house. house
♪ Take off your shoes
in the house
♪ For this wet ass pussy
♪ Now drink a soju
and a Hite
♪ For this wet ass pussy
♪ Ask my permission
just to kiss me
♪ On this wet ass pussy
♪ It's an honor to be Asian
with this wet ass pussy ♪
Ow.
What the fuck is that?
Nothing. I'm...
Your pussy's the devil?
That is way bigger
than I expected.
No wonder you won't
have sex with Clarence.
- That thing is massive.
It's huge.
The artist did really
impressive work. Kat.
You don't understand.
I've tried lasers.
I've tried skin grafts and.
and nothing...
Nothing will take.
My vagina is the devil.
And she is here to stay.
Kat. it's gonna be okay.
It'll be okay.
It will not be okay.
It's on the inside too.
Oh. Clar.
Clarence.
I came for you.
- Wait. no. I can explain.
- No. I...
Who are you?
Clarence. no.
Clarence. no!
Fuck! What am I gonna do?
You have caused
a public disturbance!
And committed
an indecent exposure!
- We know.
- You must leave. Now!
Okay.
Okay. Not to worry.
Not to worry.
Plan B. Plan B.
Do you guys have another jet?
♪ Ayo. lil' bitch
Get the fuck outta here
♪ We just wanna have
a good time
Those chickens have to stop.
♪ That is not
your open invitation ♪
Deadeye. did you just
kill the chicken?
- No.
Okay. the agency's
right down that way.
Coffee in
cute bear cups?
My treat?
Oh. finally.
There's good Wi-Fi here.
- All my emails are coming in.
I can see if Clarence
texted me back.
- I did...
Oh. I didn't know I had fans
here. That's kinda nice.
Wait. they love you here.
So. um. I think
maybe some people
picked up my livestream.
- What?
- It... It's okay.
I'm sure it's not going viral
or anything.
Oh. my God.
Oh. my God. I am fucked!
There's already a meme
with Tweety Bird saying.
-"I thought I thaw..."
- Don't say it!
- Weird. Chao's calling me.
Hi. Chao.
So good to hear from you.
My mother and I were actually
just talking about you.
- Do not bother coming.
- What?
I saw the video of you
and your friend's
- devil vagina.
- Let me explain.
It's actually. it...
It's so hilarious.
You're gonna love this story.
It's...
- Um...
- You lied to me.
You told me you're in Beijing
with your mother.
But that's clearly not true.
I cannot do business
with someone
who's not who they
say they are.
Please. Just...
Just hear me out.
No. I've already
made up my mind.
I will tell your boss
that we are not
- going to sign.
- But. when you talk to Frank
can you please
just not mention
- the whole video thing?
- I already saw it.
- Shit!
I didn't know
you were this shady. Audrey.
I mean. that is the last time
that I take a chance
on someone like you.
Again. I mean associate.
not an Asian.
- Anyway. you're fired.
- What?
Frank. No...
I... I can fix this.
I'm still an ally though.
I fired a white guy
earlier this week.
Did the exact same thing.
Okay. Frank. Frank?
Frank. don't hang up.
I'm gonna get fired
from my show.
And my movie.
And I'm never gonna go to LA.
It's okay.
It's not the end of the world.
No. it literally is
the end of the world.
Clarence and I were gonna rent
a house in Malibu.
And we were gonna be
one of those couples
who meditate every single day
and tell people about it
because that is what
people do in Los Angeles.
- It's okay.
And Audrey was gonna
hang out with us
all the time when
she moved there.
Audrey was gonna
move out to LA?
Once she closed the deal
and got promoted.
Why didn't you tell me
about LA?
- Lolo. I can't right now.
- What was your plan?
Were you just gonna move out
and never say anything?
It's not happening anymore.
I just got fired.
What?
- Chao saw the video.
- Your video.
- Yeah. well. whatever.
Fuck them.
You'll get a new job.
- It's not that easy.
- For you. it will be.
Just go to the country club
where you play squash at.
I'm pretty sure one of those
white guys will give you a job
- in. like. two seconds.
- What the fuck?
I worked hard for that job.
You know what? This is all
your fucking fault.
Four bears
for four best friends.
Cappuccino is for Audrey
because she doesn't like
to try anything weird.
- She's the best.
- You're a fucking idiot.
Telling Chao that
I knew my birth mom.
Dragging us all over
the Chinese countryside.
I was doing this for you.
No. You were doing it
for yourself.
You still think we're kids
on some dumb grand adventure.
Well. grow the fuck up. Lolo.
The rest of us are adults.
You're still a fucking child.
Okay. my life is ruined.
Your life is ruined?
My life is ruined. okay?
You can always find another
fucking desk job. okay?
I can never find
another Clarence.
And whose fault is that?
Maybe you should've
been honest with him
from the beginning instead of
lying every single day
for the past three years.
Whoa. what the fuck?
That's her business.
And since when are you
the spokesperson for honesty?
Okay. so are... Are you two
best friends now?
What. like Lilo and Stitch?
You fuckin' suck
at impressions.
Go fuck yourself!
I'll knock
your teeth out. bitch!
I am an actress.
And even I am less
self-involved than you are.
Huh.
- Kat.
- You know what? Kat's right.
You've been a shitty friend.
This entire time.
I was helping you
so you could get
promoted and leave me?
- I was doing it for my career.
- Why?
I mean. you're always talkin'
about how you feel like
- you don't belong there.
- I don't belong anywhere.
I'm clearly not white.
but you're always
telling me that I am.
And I'm also not Asian enough.
At least not for you.
That's all in your head!
Your life is perfect!
How is my life perfect
when I spend all my time
babysitting a grown-ass
- 29-year-old woman?
- I'm babysitting you!
I've been saving your ass
since we were kids
- on the playground.
- You've never. ever
applied yourself. Lolo.
You wanna be a real artist?
Then grow up!
Right now. you're just
a barnacle with a cute hobby!
Yo. I may be a barnacle.
but at least I know who I am.
You know what?
If we didn't grow up
as the only two
Asian girls in town.
we never would've
been friends.
- Sorry.
Thank you so much
for waiting.
- We found the record
- of your birth mother.
- Oh. my gosh.
I... I can't read this. Um...
So do I call her or...
I... I'm sorry. I'd...
I don't know how this works.
I'm so sorry
to tell you that...
she's passed away.
I have the address
of where she was buried
if you would like
to visit her.
No. I'm. uh. um...
Do you have friend here?
- Someone you can call?
- No. Uh. it's okay. Thank you.
Thank... Thank. thank you.
thank you so much. Thank you.
♪ If I could let you
in my skin
♪ Then you would know
♪ The state I'm in
Hi.
Hi. Dad.
♪ Every end
♪ Sometimes it's hard
for me to see
♪ Anything else
but stormy seas
Hey. it's Clarence.
Jesus loves you.
Leave a message.
- Uh. hi.
I know you never wanna talk
to me again. but. um...
I hope you will listen.
I wanna be 100% honest
about everything and...
and. well.
everyone I've ever done.
I guess we'll start
with the A's.
♪ I didn't know it was fine
♪ To be quiet
♪ Quiet
♪ Quiet ♪
Oh. I'm... I'm so sorry.
I don't... I don't speak Korean.
That's okay.
My name's Dae Han.
I'm Min Young's husband.
You must be the daughter.
Wait. Are...
Are you my...
No.
But I'm glad
to finally meet you.
We were only married
a few years before
she fell sick.
I'm so sorry.
They were good years.
We never had
kids of our own though.
I'm very sorry
I wasn't able to introduce you
to a little brother
or sister today.
It's okay.
She always talked
about you though.
You know.
she was just a teenager
when she got pregnant.
Her boyfriend didn't
want to get in trouble.
and he denied it.
So. her parents sent her to
China until you were born.
They're the ones who forced
her to give you up.
But she never stopped
thinking about you.
If I tried to find her sooner
maybe she and I could...
But it's too late.
There's something
you should see.
When she got sick.
she wanted to throw a party.
So. we rented a boat
and we sailed out
to Yeouido Park.
Uh. that's right along
the Han River.
Several of us got seasick
- on the way...
...which she thought
was pretty hilarious.
But it was beautiful.
She got to say goodbye
to everybody she loved.
Except for you.
So she made you this.
Hi. I'm Min.
Sorry. my English is not good.
What are you
talking about?
Your English is very good.
I am sorry
I could not be
part of your life.
I want to very much.
But when you were baby.
you smile so big.
And you cry so big.
I wonder what
you are like now.
Are you doctor?
- Lawyer? Teacher?
But it doesn't matter.
I'm proud to be your mother.
It doesn't matter?
- That's not what you told me.
I hope
this message find you.
And...
My daughter...
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Well. glad we got a chance
to spend some time together.
Me. too.
Really have to go so soon?
Yeah. but I'll be back.
Um...
Thank you so much again
for everything.
And honestly.
I'm just so lucky that you
happen to be
at her grave that day.
Well. I appreciate that.
but. uh. it wasn't quite luck.
Your friends messaged me.
Uh...
Lolo. Kat. and... I know
I'm gonna get this one wrong.
Uh. Deadeye?
Yeah. Oh. um...
Yeah. my... My parents
must've told them.
Yeah. they told me that
you were actually in Korea
and that I might find you
if I went to the graveyard.
They didn't tell you
any of this. did they?
Oh. no. We. um...
It's just. we got into
a little bit of a fight.
And. uh. I...
I lost my job
and I said some...
really terrible things
to all of them and. uh...
It may not be
any of my business.
but it seems to me that
what matters the most
is if your friends love
you enough to forgive you.
- Well...
- And if they went through
all this trouble.
I think they would.
Where are they now?
Hey. Kat.
Listen. I... I'm sorry about
everything that happened. I...
No. No.
No. no. no. no. no. I...
I listened to your voicemail.
The whole three hours of it.
I appreciate the honesty.
Truth of it is.
I kind of figured
that you'd had sex before.
You know. you're just
so sensual. and worldly
and one time I saw your
browser history and...
It's not like I didn't
wanna have sex.
I was just so worried
that I wouldn't live up
to your expectations.
And then
when I saw your tattoo.
I just got
crazy intimidated and...
Look. Kat. when we kiss.
I have to leave
space for Jesus.
I gotta leave that God gap
because I'm gonna
ruin my pants.
Every time.
That's why I wear
three pairs of underwear.
Oh. honey. I love you so much
that I gave up the thing
I love second most for you.
- And I love dick.
I can be dick.
And I can love you.
I can do both.
So. should we have sex
right now?
- Ah. Ooh. Ooh. Oh.
- Ah. Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh.
what's happening?
What's happening?
Ha... Save... No...
Saved it.
- Saved it.
- Mmm.
Thanks. Jin Ho.
Heard you got into med school.
So proud.
Here you go. Hot and steamy.
Let me know
if you want hot sauce.
I'll get you the Chinese kind.
Pretty sure you can handle it.
- Hi.
- You had me at "Hi."
Oh.
Hi.
I didn't know
you worked here now.
I don't. I'm just covering
'cause Jing's out sick.
I'm trying to match her vibe.
What do you think?
Number 32!
Party of two!
Yeah. that's good.
- Lolo.
- Sorry. I'm so sorry. Um...
She doesn't wanna talk to you.
Yeah. I figured
when I left her. like.
ten messages and she didn't
call me back.
Sorry.
Family first. Have to do it.
Respectfully. of course.
Yeah. no. I know. I know.
- Good to see you.
- Good to see you. too.
Lolo! Lolo!
No. no. no. Lolo! Stop.
No. no. no. Hey! Hey!
Break! Break! Stop!
- Sorry. I'm so sorry.
Sorry. everyone.
Enjoy your meal.
Um. it's. it's just that
everything's a mess
and it's all my fault.
Ever since we were kids.
I was this scared little girl
who always felt like she had
to prove herself to everyone
except for you.
You were always
looking out for me.
With you was the only time
I felt safe to be me.
Even though I didn't know
who the hell I was.
But you've always been
comfortable being you.
And you tried to make me feel
that way too.
You know me better
than I know myself.
I...
You were right. I hated
working at that law firm.
But... Thanks to you. I can do
something more meaningful.
Start my own practice.
Because I know that
I'm brave enough now.
Hell yeah.
She had a devil's threesome
in China.
Huh? What?
-  I did.
Lolo. it's so great
that you are working here.
And I'm so proud
of you for that
but you are an incredible.
true artist.
You cannot give that up
just because
I am a lying. hurtful.
stupid failure of a friend.
Audrey. I haven't given up. Look.
My wall of licky cats.
I just sold one yesterday.
I'm only waiting tables
for now so I'm not
such a barnacle.
You've always been
a better friend to me
than I have been to you.
And I'm so. so sorry.
Just shut up. Okay?
You're the best friend
I could ever ask for.
The biggest support system.
And I'm sorry. I'm the one
that's fuckin' sorry.
I took you for granted.
So. does that mean
you forgive me?
Come here. bitch.
Friendship.
Party of three?
Oh. my God. Get in here.
Deadeye.
We're back. baby!
Wait. are we all back?
Have you and Kat
started talkin' again?
Yeah. I called her to apologize.
But wait. does that mean
you and Kat were talking?
We've been in touch.
- We're like this.
Mmm.
So. we should all go on
a trip again. the four of us.
To beautiful South Dakota.
Home of the Corn Palace.
Yeah.
- Bookmark it.
Kat and I actually
had a place in mind.
Bonjour!
Look at us! Look at us!
Our second
annual best friends trip.
This is gonna be iconic.
Let's start with some
art and culture.
Oh. I love Roldan.
I gotta say. the French
know how to sculpt a titty.
I love art.
Oh. that's gonna be
so much fun.
Art. Art. Art.
So. is anyone hungry?
- Yes. Please.
- I am.
I want to try escargot.
You know. we don't
have to eat French food.
- This is so good.
I love this bulgogi.
Mmm.
Okay. okay. A toast.
To Audrey. Badass boss bitch
- starting her own firm.
- Yes. she is!
To our dearest Deadeye.
Because they host the most
incredible game night
specifically so I can
crush them at Catan.
- And to Kat
who's in a movie
directed by the Greta Gerwig.
- Yes. she is!
Okay. And to our very own
Frida Kah-Lolo...
- Aw.
...whose lotus collection
is finally at the MOCA.
Well. it's not the Museum of
Contemporary Arts
but it is a cafe in Snohomish.
So ganbei to that.
Ganbei!
Mmm.
- I don't wanna hijack
our second annual
best friends trip
but Clar-Bear and I looking at
fall dates for the wedding
and I was just wondering...
will you all be
my bridal party?
Really? Of course.
- Of course. we will.
Duh!
Ooh!
The bridal party should all get
matching tattoos like Kat.
Okay. very funny.
- Very funny. Ha-ha.
Ganbei!
Mmm.
Mmm. Or we could get a tattoo
of the Chinese flag
to commemorate the motherland.
Or Princess Peach.
I haven't decided.
I think I'm gonna get
an Eiffel Tower.
Because Paris?
No. the...
Hmm. Yeah.
Yeah. like you all are
gonna get tattoos.
What if I already got one?
I already got one.
You did not.
What?
Wanna see?
It lights up.
Ooh!
♪ What cha think
you're doin'. baby?
♪ Speed up
♪ I'm gonna take you high
♪ Demonstrate. demonstrate
♪ Come on. come on. baby
♪ Now come and get this
♪ Baby. I know. I know
you really want it
♪ I'm gonna take you high
♪ Demonstrate. demonstrate
♪ Come on. come on. baby
♪ Now come and get this
♪ Baby. I know. I know
you really want it
♪ So can you take me high
♪ Demonstrate. demonstrate
♪ Come on. come on. baby
♪ Now come and get this
♪ Baby. I know. I know
you really want it ♪